Add hipBLASLt Stream-K documentation (#1642)
ROCm/hipBLASLt: docs/how-to/how-to-use-streamk.rst

.. meta::
   :description: How to use Stream-K with the hipBLASLt library for GEMM operations
   :keywords: hipBLASLt, ROCm, library, API, tool

.. _streamk:

********************************
Using Stream-K with hipBLASLt
********************************

> hipBLASLt supports the Stream-K library, which provides improved performance

Reviewer: Is the performance tested? The library size is smaller for sure, but maybe a perf chart will be better.

.. meta::
   :description: How to use Stream-K with the hipBLASLt library for GEMM operations
   :keywords: hipBLASLt, ROCm, library, API, tool

.. _streamk:

********************************
Using Stream-K with hipBLASLt
********************************

> hipBLASLt supports the new Stream-K library, which provides improved performance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hipBLASLt supports the Stream-K library, which provides improved performance
```

and reduced library sizes for a wide range of General Matrix-Matrix Multiplication (GEMM) shapes and sizes.
Stream-K partitions an equal share of the aggregate inner-loop iterations among physical processing elements,
which provides a near-perfect utilization of computing resources.
For more information about Stream-K, see
`Stream-K: Work-centric Parallel Decomposition for Dense Matrix-Matrix Multiplication on the GPU <https://arxiv.org/abs/2301.03598>`_.

Configuring the kernel selection strategy
=========================================

The ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` environment variable controls the hipBLASLt kernel selection strategy for GEMM operations.

> You can optionally set this variable to ``2`` to enable the Stream-K library or leave it set to ``0`` to continue to use the default settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set this variable to ``2`` to enable the Stream-K library or leave it set to ``0`` to continue to use the default settings.
```

*  ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD=0`` (Default)

>    *  This is the default setting for the ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD`` variable.

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand the value of this sentence. It already indicates this in previous line?

   *  Kernels are selected from the standard tuned libraries.
   *  The heuristic best kernel is selected from the standard tuning grid.
   *  User-driven tuning (tunable ops) only accesses kernels from the standard grid and free-size libraries.
   *  This option does NOT use any Stream-K kernels.

*  ``TENSILE_SOLUTION_SELECTION_METHOD=2`` (Stream-K)

   *  This enables the optional Stream-K library to use a GEMM scheduling algorithm that results in consistently good peak GEMM performance with far fewer tuned kernels.
   *  The heuristic best kernel is selected from the Stream-K library.
   *  User-driven tuning (tunable ops) considers all kernels from the standard grid, the free-size library, and the Stream-K library.

Configuring the kernel selection strategy
=========================================

You can control The Stream-K kernel launch behavior using the environment variables listed in this table.
By default, Stream-K uses a model to predict the optimal grid size to launch a GEMM kernel with at runtime.

> However, you can choose how many workgroups to launch a GEMM kernel with using the Stream-K settings below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can control The Stream-K kernel launch behavior using the environment variables listed in the following table.
By default, Stream-K uses a model to predict the optimal grid size to launch a GEMM kernel at runtime.
However, you can choose how many workgroups to launch a GEMM kernel with using the Stream-K settings below:
```

.. csv-table::
   :header: "Environment Variable","Description"
   :widths: 30, 100

   "``TENSILE_STREAMK_DYNAMIC_GRID``","Set this variable to ``3`` to use the default setting. With this setting, the program automatically picks the number of work groups to launch for optimal performance. Set this variable to ``0`` to disable the dynamic grid and always use all available compute units."
   "``TENSILE_STREAMK_FIXED_GRID``","This variable overrides the default grid size and launches Stream-K GEMM kernels using the specified number of workgroups."
   "``TENSILE_STREAMK_MAX_CUS``","This variable sets the maximum number of compute units to use for Stream-K kernels. By default, Stream-K kernels are allowed to use all compute units on the device, but this setting lets you limit the number of units that can be used."

Recommendations for using Stream-K
=========================================

> Stream-K is especially advantageous in certain situations. Follow these guidelines when choosing a kernel selection strategy to use,
> based on your application and the desired performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stream-K is especially advantageous in certain situations. Follow these guidelines when choosing a kernel selection strategy,
based on your application and the desired performance.
```

*  **Wide range of GEMM sizes**: Stream-K is a better choice for applications that handle a variety of GEMM shapes and sizes.
*  **Non-uniform dimensions**: Stream-K is particularly beneficial for GEMMs where one dimension is significantly larger than the others.

> *  **Consistent performance**: Stream-K provides more consistent peak performance compared to the default selection
>    method by evenly distributing work across the available compute units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  **Consistent performance**: Stream-K provides more consistent peak performance than the default selection
   method by evenly distributing work across the available compute units.
```
